and
hi everyone today i'm going to be a whole
make delicious smoothie with a banana
nutella and some milk the recipe is real
very easy you just grab me a you
and if you love a banana by the way
cold smoothie
then you can almost do the best for a while
Do a freezer so that you can cloth into pieces
in the container
then I grab the nutella now I do one
large tablespoon of bee
and then the milk there we will have it
just a little bit more than a lid
and just turned
well this is him then the smoothie he is
nice and creamy and full brother in law also comes
by the banana and nutella is then tasty
you connect hazelnut chocolate
and in combination with the and the mail
I think there is just something sweeter and what
softer in taste
but yes you can also just use other
sorry to take milk and really find one
very great smoothie nice and easy
to make every one always has
pot of nutella or the name or something in the house
yes you can just make it with things
who already have a house and if your sentences are
nice and tasty smoothie piece from come to
we
thumbs up if you are also stupid or
smarties and mind do not subscribe to
my channel
the lab en you follow through
instagram with the username and très
receipt
thank you to look and see you again soon
in the following video
burg
click left for one of my last
subscribe to videos in right click
on my channel
thank you in advance